[Card] Add default value for `roundedAbove` prop (#11166)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/big-donuts-watch.md

---
'@shopify/polaris': minor
---

> Added Card component default value for roundedAbove prop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added default value for border radius on `Card` on `sm` breakpoints and up
```
